add docs about delay, improve select2_ajax fields docs (#238)
Laravel-Backpack/docs: 4.1/crud-fields.md

For more information about the optional attributes that fields use when they interact with related entries - [look here](#optional-entity-model-and-attribute-for-fields-containing-relate).

> Of course, you also need to create a controller and routes for the data_source above. You can use [FetchOperation](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/4.1/crud-operation-fetch) or setup your custom API. Here's an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course, you also need to create make the data_source above respond to AJAX calls. You can use the [FetchOperation](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/4.1/crud-operation-fetch) to quickly do that in your current CrudController, or you can set up your custom API by creating a custom Route and Controller. Here's an example:
```
